docs: add metadata to all remaining pages (#1246)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/explanation/usrmerge.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: Rockcraft's usrmerge implementation for rocks: the approach to merging /usr directories in Ubuntu-based container images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: Explanation of usrmerge in Rockcraft. Rocks contain files that adhere to the Filesystem Hierarchy Standard, so they have a merge strategy for usr directories.
```

https://documentation.ubuntu.com/starflow/latest/how-to/starcraft-style-guide/#product-names

>     :description: Explanation of how Rockcraft implements usrmerge for rocks. Explains the approach to merging /usr directories in Ubuntu-based container images.

Reviewer: "explains" is redundant here.
